Adding in disableGlobalProjectWarning, fixes #1168 (#2701)
pulumi/pulumi-gcp: provider/errors/no_project.txt

unable to detect a global setting for GCP Project.
Pulumi will rely on per-resource settings for this operation.
Set the GCP Project by using:
    `pulumi config set gcp:project <project>`

> If you would like to override global project setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to disable this warning use:
```
